The command center at artifacts/pagoya/public/command-center.html 
needs to be fully optimized for iPhone. Currently tabs overflow 
horizontally requiring the user to scroll right to reach them. 
Fix the entire layout for mobile-first use. Do all of the 
following automatically in one go. Make every change, save every 
file, restart the server, and confirm everything is working. Do 
not stop and ask anything.

1. TAB NAVIGATION — replace the horizontal scrolling tab row 
with a mobile-friendly layout:
   - Wrap all tab buttons in a flex container with 
     flex-wrap: wrap so tabs flow to a second row instead of 
     overflowing off screen
   - Each tab button should be compact — font-size 12px, 
     padding 6px 10px, so multiple fit per row on iPhone
   - Move the 90-DAY CHECKLIST tab button to be the FIRST tab 
     in the navigation row and make it the default active tab 
     on page load (currently the first tab loads by default — 
     change this so tab-checklist is the default active panel)
   - All other tabs follow in their existing order after the 
     checklist tab

2. OVERALL LAYOUT — make the command center container 
mobile-first:
   - Set max-width: 100% on the main container
   - Add padding: 0 12px so content doesn't touch screen edges
   - Remove any fixed widths or min-widths on cards, panels, 
     or stat grids that cause horizontal overflow
   - All stat grids (the summary number cards at the top of 
     panels) should use grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr) 
     on mobile instead of repeat(4, 1fr) — two cards per row 
     instead of four

3. CHECKLIST PANEL specifically:
   - The ck-stats grid should be 2 columns on mobile: 
     grid-template-columns: repeat(2, 1fr)
   - The ck-body-grid inside each expanded item should stack 
     vertically on mobile: grid-template-columns: 1fr
   - Phase headers, item titles, and expanded content should 
     all be 100% width with no horizontal overflow

4. ALL OTHER PANELS — apply the same mobile fixes:
   - Any grid inside any tab panel that currently uses 
     repeat(4, 1fr) or repeat(3, 1fr) should switch to 
     repeat(2, 1fr) on screens under 600px
   - Any table that overflows horizontally should get 
     overflow-x: auto on a wrapper div
   - Any hardcoded pixel widths wider than 320px on inner 
     elements should be changed to max-width: 100% or width: 
     100%

5. ADD RESPONSIVE CSS — add a single media query block near 
the top of the style section:
   @media (max-width: 600px) {
     — all mobile overrides go here —
   }
   This keeps all mobile fixes in one place and does not 
   affect desktop layout.

6. SYNC BUTTON — confirm the Sync Latest button is visible 
and functional on mobile. If it is currently in a position 
that gets cut off on iPhone, move it to just below the tab 
navigation row so it is always visible regardless of which 
tab is active.

7. After all changes are made:
   - Commit with message "fix: mobile-first layout for 
     command center, checklist as default tab"
   - Push to GitHub
   - Confirm push succeeded with commit hash
   - Confirm command-center.html has no horizontal overflow 
     triggers remaining